Chukwudi Supermarkets is a leading indigenous chain of supermarkets with headquarters in Oshodi, Lagos, Nigeria. 
Its success has been driven by strong entrepreneurial value and commitment to excellence in providing products to 
all segments of the population at value for money prices, as underscored by its slogan "Cheap and Cheerful". 
It offers over 1,500 products across 10 stores in different cities of Nigeria. Mr. M.N. Chukwudi, the Chairman of the 
company is exploring a strategic expansion into more cities in Nigeria but he wants to understand what product gives 
better margin at specific stores. For example a tin of milk which sells for N100 in one of his supermarket branches 
may also be sold at N110 at another supermarket within Mr Chukwudi's chain of supermarkets. He needs to therefore 
understand what type of product, market clusters and supermarket type (location, age, size) will give more margin 
as he plans to expand to more cities in the country.
The data provided comprises of transaction records of all the supermarket at product level. Please note that the data 
may have missing values as some stores might not report all the data due to technical glitches as a result of
 NEPA/generator failure

 Variable Description
 1. Item_Identifier 
 2. Unique_product ID
 3. Product_Weight Weight of the product
 4. Product_Fat Content Level of fat in the product
 5. Product Shelf Visibility The % of total display area of all products in Mr Chukwudi supermarket allocated to the particular product
 6. Product_Type The category to which the product belongs 
 7. Product_Price Retail Price of the product
 8. Supermarket_Identifier Unique store ID
 9. Supermarket_Start_Year The year in which store was opened
 10. Supermarket _Size The size of the store in terms of total ground area covered
 11. Supermarket_Location_Type The type of city in which the store is located
 12. Supermarket_Type Description of the supermarket as a grocery store or some sort of supermarket
 13. Product_Supermarket_Sales Sales of the product in the particular store. This is the outcome variable to be predicted
